## Exercise 19
### Reducing with an initial value
Sometimes when we reduce an array, we want the reduced value to be a different type than the items stored in the array. Let's say we have an array of videos and we want to reduce them to a single map where the key is the video id and the value is the video's title.

This function takes an array, `videos` 

```js
var videos = [
    {
      "id": 65432445,
      "title": "The Chamber"
    },
    {
      "id": 675465,
      "title": "Fracture"
    },
    {
      "id": 70111470,
      "title": "Die Hard"
    },
    {
      "id": 654356453,
      "title": "Bad Boys"
    }
  ];
```

and returns an accumulated map 

>```js
 [
     {
         "65432445": "The Chamber",
         "675465": "Fracture",
         "70111470": "Die Hard",
         "654356453": "Bad Boys"
     }
 ]
```

Use an empty map as the initial value instead of the first item in the list.
Object.create() makes a fast copy of the accumulatedMap by creating a new object and setting the eacumulatedMap to be the new object's prototype.   

>**"empty map"** = {}

Initially the new object is empty and has no members of its own except a pointer to the object on which it was based. If an attempt to find a member on the new object fails, the new object silently attempts to find the member on its prototype. This process continues recursively, with each object checking its prototype until the member is found or we reach the first object we created.  

If we set a member value on the new object, it is stored directly on that object, leaving the prototype unchanged.  

Object.create() is perfect for functional programming because it makes creating a new object with a different member value almost as cheap as changing the member on the original object. 

```js
function() {
  var videos = [
    {
      "id": 65432445,
      "title": "The Chamber"
    },
    {
      "id": 675465,
      "title": "Fracture"
    },
    {
      "id": 70111470,
      "title": "Die Hard"
    },
    {
      "id": 654356453,
      "title": "Bad Boys"
    }
  ];

  return videos.reduce( (accumulatedMap, video)  => {

    var copyOfAccumulatedMap = Object.create(accumulatedMap);

    copyOfAccumulatedMap[ video.id] = video.title;

    return copyOfAccumulatedMap;
    }, {} 
  );
}

```
#### Break it Down

All we're doing here is calling `reduce()` on the `videos` array. 
Like this: 

```js
videos.reduce ( callback, initalValue )
```
**callback** is an anonymous reduction function taking an accumulated value and current value, `accumulatedMap` and `video`, makes an object and assigns the `accumulatedMap` to the prototype, creating a copy called `copyOfAccumulatedMap` 

```js
return videos.reduce( (accumulatedMap, video)  => {
  var copyOfAccumulatedMap = Object.create(accumulatedMap);
  copyOfAccumulatedMap[ video.id] = video.title;
  return copyOfAccumulatedMap;
}
```
**initalValue** is the empty map. `reduce()` will use this instead of the first item in the array. 

```js
  ,{} );
```
### Notes
This would actually work. Without making a copy using `Object.create()`

```js
  return videos.reduce( (accumulatedMap, video)  => {
    accumulatedMap[ video.id] = video.title;
    return accumulatedMap;
    }, {} 
  );
}
)();

```
You could still get an array containing a map with video `id` and `title` value pairs.  

>```js
  [
      {
        675465: "Fracture"
        65432445: "The Chamber"
        70111470: "Die Hard"
        654356453: "Bad Boys"
      }
  ]
```

But it is important, inside of our functions, to **never changing values**
Never change a variable, ever. In this version above, we are changing a value. Allowing mutability creates a lot of complexity inside programs.   

By using prototypal inheritance, you can create a new object, that looks like a clone, but is actually a new object. 

```js
person = {name: "Jim"};
```
> Object {name: "Jim"}

```js
anotherPerson = Object.create(person);
```
> Object {}

This creates an empty object. There are no properties.
However, if I call for the name property on `anotherPerson` 
```js
anotherPerson.name;
```
I see this returns 

>"Jim"

This is because it points to the `person` prototype I just created, which has the name "Jim".
